adds dbt metrics and legacy SL notices (#4429)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-deprecation-notice.md

:::info Deprecation of dbt Metrics and the legacy dbt Semantic Layer

> For users on dbt version 1.5 or earlier &mdash; starting on December 15th, 2023, support for dbt Metrics and the old dbt Semantic Layer (v1.5 and below) will end. To benefit from the latest features, upgrade to the most [recent version](/guides/migration/sl-migration) of dbt and embrace the enhanced dbt Semantic Layer, powered by MetricFlow.

Reviewer: The link text is "upgrade to the most [recent version] of dbt" but the linked doc doesn't appear to contain any instructions for upgrading their dbt version, nor does it link to those instructions at the bottom of the page.

Suggest removing the "Starting" language with "end" in the same sentence so that we're as clear as possible
```suggestion
For users on dbt version 1.5 or earlier &mdash; On December 15th, 2023, support for dbt Metrics and the old dbt Semantic Layer (v1.5 and below) will end. To benefit from the latest features, upgrade to the most [recent version](/guides/migration/sl-migration) of dbt and embrace the enhanced dbt Semantic Layer, powered by MetricFlow.
```

Author: i'll clarify this - you need to change you sl configs first before changing your dbt version.

> After this date, dbt Labs won't offer support, bug fixes, or security updates for these deprecated features. Documentation for them will be discontinued, and they will be removed from the dbt Cloud user interface.

Reviewer: The way it's written it could be construed as the user still having access to the features in some manner, it just won't be updated. Suggest clear, concise language that this will be gone.

```suggestion
After December 15th, dbt Labs will no longer support these deprecated features, they will be removed from the dbt Cloud user interface, and their documentation removed from the docs site.
```
